this is my keyboard there are many like
it but this one specifically is mine I
love this keyboard I've customized the
key caps I have specific ones that I
like in specific areas it's signed by
people on the back including day9 husky
guys from Team Liquid de nines mom which
is probably the favorite signature that
I've ever gotten on anything
it has custom PB Tiki caps which I love
in ninja printing which is my favorite
it's clique is perfect perfect there's a
little bit of inconsistency between
cherry switches and I love this
generation of cherry switches the clack
is great the plastics and the structure
in the keyboard is awesome this is a DK
9008 g2 it's a little old and it's
technically broken and I really want it
back so let's fix it
intel brings ddr4 to the mainstream with
their new core i7 6700 K and Core i5
6600 K processors check out the link in
the video description to learn more so I
love my keyboard and for many reasons I
think it's just spiffy but to see if
it's worth really fixing and not just
sentimental reasons I'm going to take
around see what people think about
typing on it okay John try typing on the
keyboard don't you think they travel
really easily but they make a lot of the
ways well this is VP Alegre clicking
we're doing but they are too tight I
like it because it's like just like
you're breaking little glass guy only
type with two fingers is it gonna do
something no it's something I am not
sure what you that seems fine okay
so far people aren't quite as enthralled
with it as I have liked it a lot kid a
lot care at all Nick I take my keyboard
do you think
haha okay so people aren't quite as
enthralled with it as I am except for
maybe Colton but I'm gonna try to fix it
anyways now I have a few broken
keyboards having a broken keyboard is
not odd for me this one unfortunately
however had its USB receiver because
it's a USB detachable keyboard fall
inside of the casing now I haven't
actually taken it apart yet so I don't
know if it's as simple as some hot glue
or if I'm gonna have to resolder the
connection on the inside or if I'm gonna
have to take like a USB extension and
chop it and solder the wires in I have
no idea let's go so first things first
I'm just going to try to take apart the
keyboard I've taken three screws out and
that's all I can see in terms of screws
now from there on it's probably prying
the plastic so yeah that looks about
right
you can find everyone smile there I just
hit one these clips so there are clips
and I do need to get those off and then
get a card down in there that can hold
it open I'm going to try to find the
next one here we go
holding on on the sides but I don't see
any clips ah there we go
just one more then does that mean
there's one more on this side yep okay
no the top is off the bottom must have
additional clips as well not completely
bare as you can see but that top bezels
off and that did reveal more screws so
we can keep on working okay I think I
have the OLT as you can see this is in
our two parts so that tray is disgusting
I will clean that out okay here's the
back of the keyboard and here is the
culprit and it actually looks like it
straight-up broke these two plastic
things right here are anchors that are
supposed to be screwed on and holding it
on and they actually broke right off of
the plastic on the inside so I'm not
sure what happened to the keyboard as I
expected hot glue might actually be able
to save it so I'm going to clean this
disgusting thing out and maybe do some
other cleaning around the board and then
we're going to move on now that we're
done cleaning these things a good idea
would be to do some maintenance on your
key caps in terms of cleaning it and
cleaning the board and doing all that
kind of stuff you want to check out
maintenance and lubing techniques click
up here for a previous video that we've
done it's called the ultimate mechanical
keyboard key cap guide and there's a
table of contents thing you can jump to
maintenance or lubing that would be a
good time to check that out but I'm
going to move on and start trying to fix
things so the problem isn't that the hot
glue cracked and broke off the problem
isn't that the solder contacts broke the
problem is that the plastic bits in here
actually snapped right off in the mount
gave away there were two screws going
through it so I'm just going to move
where those are oh so there's big screw
holes here and here not in all four
corners even though there's these two
stands nothing screws into them this is
probably a standard backboard for more
than just this keyboards and I think
we're back to the hot glue method I
could do this with other types of
adhesives but hot glue is easy to take
back off so if this happens to not work
I won't cause any permanent damage
anything it's going to be fine I'm going
to put a little dab right over top of
where it was supposed to be screwed in
I'm also going to put some along this
line here which should in theory help
keep it against the plastic and have it
not fall back in okay so it actually
seems to be in somewhat okay I can try
it oh I'm bleeding um that's probably
fine everything's okay anyways we can
try to pull it up a little bit nothing
really seems to happen and yeah seems
pretty solid so I'm going to try to make
sure that I've lined it up properly I'm
just going to try to plug this cable in
and it seems to be fine
plug the connection in PC we didn't move
at all I think we're good to go
I'm going to plug this into the PCB and
try to type something on it before
putting it all back together properly if
it works we're good to go
I'll close up the case success if not
I'll have to figure something out
what am i screen goblak what the hell
does that make any sense to you
no doesn't oh I think there's some
problems keyboard tester calm oh my
goodness
I think it works there's some weird
things going on okay
the weird things that were going on are
no longer going on there was some crazy
lag when I first typed it in or plugged
it in after the driver was installed so
I'm not sure what that was about but it
does seem to work that's really exciting
this keyboard got me through all of my
post-secondary education and was there
for the almost the entire time that I
have a mineral oil rig and all that kind
of stuff so I'm really happy to have it
back okay let's put back together
this is gonna be so annoying I have to
pry all four eclipses up and then flip
them over because they're stuck on a
Ledge come on okay so after more effort
that I would like to admit and Brandon's
help we finally got the bezel thing on
the trick was there was a guide rail on
the inside so you had to slot it within
the confines of the guide rail time to
put the last final three screws inside
one little Easter Egg that I noticed you
can see just barely the voided warranty
sticker that I pounded right through in
order to hit that screw off
nice little tidbit I like boarding
warranties it's fun
okay so it works due to the hot glue it
kind of turned into more of a like home
arts and crafts project than a hardcore
soldering job that I thought it was
going to
oh well I'm happy my keyboard works
hopefully you guys found that
interesting moral of the story even if
this wasn't all that complicated is if
your stuff breaks and you're far outside
of your warranty like I was with this
just fix it if you can it might not be
that complicated as we saw today not
that bad at all the thing just came
loose and fell backwards take your stuff
apart check it out if you can't fix it
you gained experience from taking it
apart if you try to fix it and you fail
well it was broken anyways yeah simple
powerful beautiful Squarespace 24/7 live
chat and sport just in case you don't
know what you're doing it's only eight
bucks a month just in case you don't
have tons of money that comes to the
free domain if you sign up for a year as
responsive design cause I guess you want
it to scale on any device there's a
commerce module just encase you want to
sell things cover pages just in case you
need a job for a resume or something you
can start now with no credit card
required and start building your website
immediately but don't forget to use
offer code Lynas for 10% off of your
first purchase thank you to swear space
for supporting this perfect build it
beautiful thanks for watching
you want a cool t-shirt like this take
the description down below we have a
bunch of them there I don't know if you
can get this one anymore nice uh limited
edition but you know whatever
consider using our Amazon affiliate code
to buy things like keyboards just in
case your favorite one in the whole
entire world happens to die I don't know
what else is here because all I really
care about is my keyboard I go to our
forum there's new forum software and
it's awesome check it out consider
becoming a contributor it helps us do
things like roll out new forum software
and yeah
subscribe watch this video which is the
ultimate key cap replacement guide that
I referenced earlier in the video and
I'll see you next time